.TH RTE 1 
.UC 4
.SH NAME
rte \- Regression Test Engine/Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rte
.I [options]
.I file.cast

.SH DESCRIPTION
The Regression Test Engine automates digital and behavioral mitred simulation 
of CAST cells. It traverses the hierarchy of all the top-level cells
in the passed cast file and performs a mitred simulation for each unique
cell using the DSim core engine. The
.B rte 
relies on the fact that the 
cast cell has the appropirate env block --as specified in castv2. The
results of the simulation are published in HTML format.

As implemeted the
.B rte
relies on the CAST parser to do its job. The parser is invoked to
determine which cells to test in the context of their complete
instantiation. 

To run this program the user needs to set the $RTEPORT environment 
variable with the appropirate machine name and port on which the server
will run and the client listen and write to. In order to efficiently
use our compute resources, the 
.B rte
uses a scaleable client/server architecture. Client machines can be added to
the configuration file to expidite simulation.


.SH OPTIONS
.B -dir
Allow to specify where the results should be placed


.B \--help | -help
Print simple help info.

.B -info             
Print pertinet RTE info: ports, clients, etc.

.B -V
Print version information for server and client

.B -dir directory
Specifiy directory to publish results.

.B -cell cellname    
Specifiy cell to simulate in passed file.

.B -L log            
Set error log (default $RTELOG, stderr).

.B -p port           
Set listen port (default $RTEPORT, 8080).

.B -m                
Print all potential client machines.

.B -w                
Print all machines accepting connections.

.B -S                
syntax/directive check; no simulation is run.

.SH SSH CONNECTION
The 
.B rte
starts clients on all the machines specified in the $USER/.rterc
configuration file. In prevent being promoted to enter your passwd or
parse phrase for eacho of these machines, the user is advised to setup
their 
.ssh 
authentication environment. 

Run the following commands at your shell prompt:

.B $ exec ssh-agent bash

.B $ ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_dsa

Enter your passwd or pass phrase when prompted. 

.SH HTML Output Format

.LP
.ft 3
.nf
                 ------------
                 |T| Detail |
                 | |        |
                 |-|        |
                 |C|        |
                 | |        |
                 | |        |
                 ------------
.fi
.ft 1
.LP
The top left frame contains a list of all the top level tests which
were specified in the input cast file. The bottom left corner lists
all the unique cells which were simulated in a given run.

The right frame is the main frame where different kinds of information
are placed. The cell Hierarchy for each one of the tests, the mitred
simulation results for each of the cells, an the info, help and
statistics page are also displayed in this main frame.


.SH Oranization of Output Files 

The section presents a organization of the final output produced by
the 
.B rte
and describes the supporting files generated to enhance the 
overall output of the 
.B rte
to make the environment more user friendly and informative.
Note that all the specified directories are relative to 
.B $RTEROOT


.B ./index.html
One 
file that creates the HTML frames for  display. This
is the file  you  load  to display the front page with frames.  
This file itself contains no text content.

.B ./help-doc.html
A help page 
provides general help on the using and 
interrpreting the output of the Regression Test Engine and duplicates
some of the content in the man page.

.B ./test-info.html
This page describes the different categories of tests the Regression 
Test Engine performs and lists and describes the different
directives. It also provides example of CAST cells with the various
block filed in. 

.B ./stylesheet.css         
style  sheet file 
hat controls a limited amount of color,
font family, font size, font style, and positioning on the generated pages.

.B ./logs/machine.log
Logs generated by running the client on a specific machine. It meant
to allow the user track where cells are being simulated and is also
useful for debugging purposes. 

.B ./tests/<top-level-cell>.html
The 
.B tests
directory contains the hierchy listing for the different top level
cells specified in the input cast file.

.B ./modules/.../cellname.html
The simulatition files are written out according the actual modules
they belong to. For instance BUF_1of4 in the module lib.buffer.half
is written out to ./modules/lib/buffer/half/BUF_1of4.html.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
RTEServer\|(1),
RTEClient\|(1),
DSim\|(1)
SSH \|(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Abe Ankumah, Fulcrum Microsystems, 2001.

.SH BUGS
The man page is still under development; non of the
description here are gauranteed to be in the final release.